right so now we're down to the real
critical business here
I'm flowering egg washed my little
pieces of chittim which have to be
deep-fried in this very hot fat one two
three four five six the other trouble is
I've got to try and get this food
absolutely hot
two arrays on this doesn't ever mind
anybody keeping the table
that's turnip greens okay cooked my way
these are yams my way okay these are my
black-eyed peas my way and I left the
whole big piece of rind in there
to get all the flavor into the
black-eyed peas okay my sauce is on the
plate
now I don't know what they're gonna say
to me because this is a spicy chili
sauce made from my Trinity made from the
peppers made from the spices and what I
want these chitlins right on the top and
here we go
and this is where I mean and this is
either where it's at for where it's not
her okay
dr. Cutler please come and try it please
tell me is and flies back to me as I do
this and try and get these faults let's
sit down my darlings please do please
try and taste this and when you do climb
that is my memphis on a plate like we
James James please and Portia what I
have tried to do for you with no
knowledge with no understanding except
just a belief and you can tell the truth
about this
I love the southern chitlins mmm the
chitlins I'm gonna give you your
honorary citizenship to cooking in
America good all right is it roughly
right or is it it is just a hundred
miles away but my tea is delicious yeah
so what about what about my lips greens
is delicious past delicious